Improvments in README (#489)
ovh/venom: README.md

    * [Use a configuration file](#use-a-configuration-file)
* [Concepts](#concepts)
  * [TestSuites](#testsuites)
  * [Executors](#executors)
    * [User defined executors](#user-defined-executors)
  * [Variables](#variables)
    * [Testsuite variables](#testsuite-variables)
    * [Variable helpers](#variable-helpers)
  * [Use outputs from a test step as input of another test step](#use-outputs-from-a-test-step-as-input-of-another-test-step)
  * [Builtin venom variables](#builtin-venom-variables)
  * [Assertion](#assertion)
    * [Keywords](#keywords)
      * [`Must` Keywords](#must-keywords)
    * [Using logical operators](#using-logical-operators)
* [Write and run your first test suite](#write-and-run-your-first-test-suite)
* [Export tests report](#export-tests-report)
* [Advanced usage](#advanced-usage)
  * [Debug your testsuites](#debug-your-testsuites)
  * [Skip testcase](#skip-testcase)
  * [Iterating over data](#iterating-over-data)
* [FAQ](#faq)
  * [Common errors with quotes](#common-errors-with-quotes)
* [Use venom in CI/CD pipelines](#use-venom-in-ci-cd-pipelines)
* [Hacking](#hacking)
* [Contributing](#contributing)
* [License](#license)

# Overview

> Venom allow you to handle integration test in the same way you code your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Venom allows you to handle integration tests the same way you code your application.
```

> With Venom, test cases can be managed like code: the readability of the test description means that the tests are part of the code reviews. Thanks to that, write and execute testsuites become easier for developers and teams.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Venom, testcases will be managed as code: the readability of the tests means that the tests are part of the code reviews. Thanks to that, write and execute testsuites become easier for developers and teams.
```

Concretely, you have to write testsuite in a YAML file.
Venom run executors (scripts, HTTP Request, web, IMAP, etc.) and apply assertions. 
It can also generate xUnit result files.

<img src="./venom.gif" alt="Venom Demonstration">

# Installing

## Install from binaries

> 1. Download latest binary release from: https://github.com/ovh/venom/releases/latest/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find latest binary release from: https://github.com/ovh/venom/releases/latest/.
```

> You can directly download a specific version for a specific environment, version 1.0.1 for Linux for example to a binary file named `venom`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Example for Linux:
```

```bash

> $ curl -LO https://github.com/ovh/venom/releases/download/v1.0.1/venom.linux-amd64 venom

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
$ curl https://github.com/ovh/venom/releases/download/v1.0.1/venom.linux-amd64 -L -o /usr/local/bin/venom && chmod +x /usr/local/bin/venom
$ venom -h
```

```

> 2. Make binary executable

Reviewer 2: Remove step 2 to 4.

Author: done :)

* {{.venom.executable}}
* {{.venom.libdir}}

> ## Assertion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Assertions
```

More examples are available in [`tests/assertions_operators.yml`](/tests/assertions_operators.yml).

# Write and run your first test suite 

> To try to understand how the Venom works, we will create and run a first testsuite together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To understand how the Venom is working, let's create and run a first testsuite together.
```

> To try to understand how the Venom works, we will create and run a first testsuite together.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To understand how the Venom works, we will create and run a first testsuite together.
```

> The first test that we will do, in this testsuite, is to test whether the site we want to test (a public REST API, OVHcloud API for example):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The first assertions that we will do, in this testsuite, are to check whether the site we want to test (a public REST API, OVHcloud API for example):
```

- is accessible (respond with a 200 status code)

> - respond quickly (less than 1 second)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- respond in less than 5 seconds
```

> - if its answer is not empty

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Avec l'assertion "result.bodyjson ShouldContainKey apis" je regarde si la réponse n'est pas vide car je regarde si elle contient "apis"

Reviewer 2: I think the last point is enough to describe what you are trying to achieve.

> - if the expected elements are in its response (which is in JSON format)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- returns a valid response (which is in JSON format)
```

$ make build
```

# Contributing

Please read the [contributing guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to learn about how you can contribute to Venom ;-).
There is no small contribution, don't hesitate!

Our awesome contributors:

<a href="https://github.com/ovh/venom/graphs/contributors">
  <img src="https://contrib.rocks/image?repo=ovh/venom" />
</a>

# License

> Copyright 2021 OVH SAS

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Copyright 2022 OVH SAS
```
